# It's funny, but the first thing I felt while researching these strategies is anxiety. The videos all feature these confident guys with neatly-trimmed facial hair and nice blazers on, talking about how you can change your life. It seems impossible at first look, at least to me.
#The link that really spoke to me, however, was the Counterintuitive Ways to be Insanely Productive, which I feel encompassed many of the other techniques. In particular it helped me understand flow, and how you might achieve it. I also enjoyed the various time boxing techniques, in which you set forth a short, specific period of time in which you will work on something. The Pomodoro Technique felt like an obvious cash grab, but the principle makes sense.
#If I'm being honest, it's been a long time since I've really managed my time. I've been working part-time for nearly two years, and it never felt worth it to lay down a schedule or develop productive habits. From now on though, I intend to try box my time, and develop good study habits. I intend to set aside time every day to work on Phase 0, and break up that time into short intervals, punctuated by breaks in which I do something I enjoy.

##This was a fun lesson to go through, and made me feel more confident about the idea of programming, although this wasn't really coding at all. I learned that a shell is a command line interface, the kind you always see in the movies when hackers are saying they're “in”. Bash is a specific kind of shell, and from what I have gathered is by far the most common kind installed on most PCs.
##The most challenging part of the material was conceptualizing what some of the commands actually did. Some, like cd and ls, are pretty self-explanatory. Others, like popd and grep, took me longer to wrap my head around. There were also times when I honestly couldn't tell if the commands I was inputting were doing what they were supposed to, particularly with cd and mv. However, I was able to successfully use all of them, despite some difficulties in actually making .txt files. For some reason, TextEdit for Mac doesn't let you do that.
##If I had to pick the most important command, it would be ls. The downside of using CLI instead of a graphical interface is that it's easy to forget where you are in the directory, and what's below you. Therefore, ls is vital for understanding where you are, and what you can do. Pwd is vital for a similar reason. The runners up would be cd, mkdir, and touch. With these five commands, you can know where you are, move around, and make new files and directories whenever necessary.
##Pwd – prints out your location in the directory
##ls -prints everything in the directory
##mv – moves a file
##cd – changes directory
##../ - with cd, moves you up a directory
##touch – creates a new file
##mkdir – makes a new directory
##less – prints out the contents of a file so that you can scroll through it
##rmdir – deletes a directory
##rm – deletes a file
##help – or man – tells you the function of a command

###To create a new repository, first sign up for gitHub. Then, go to the plus-sign in the upper righthand corner, and click Create New Repository. There are several options afterwards, like who can see it, and what licenses you want to include. Then click Create Repository, and you're done. To fork a repository, go to the page of the repository you wish to fork, and hit the fork button. Then, click your profile, or the profile you wish to fork to. Finally, to clone a repository, go to the command line (with git installed) and type in “git clone <url of repository>”. It will clone the repository to the directory you are currently in. Forking a new repository is good for collaboration, as it will let you see another's code, and edit it without affecting their own work.
###Setting up git and gitHub was simple. I simply followed the instructions, and it all worked out. The actual struggle I had was on the command line. After I cloned the repositories, I tried to delete them, as instructed. I used rmdir -p, but it told me that the directory was full. I know the directory is full, that's why I used -p, but it didn't seem to matter. So I do have the repositories, which is the important thing, but I'm not sure why I can't delete them.